v7.5.1: tikv configuration doc: add gc thread number (#16564) (#16632)
pingcap/docs: releases/release-7.6.0.md

| TiKV | [`blob-file-compression`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#blob-file-compression) | Modified | The algorithm used for compressing values in Titan, which takes value as the unit. Starting from TiDB v7.6.0, the default compression algorithm is `zstd`. |
| TiKV | [`rocksdb.defaultcf.titan.min-blob-size`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#min-blob-size) | Modified   | Starting from TiDB v7.6.0, the default value for new clusters is `32KB`. For existing clusters upgrading to v7.6.0, the default value `1KB` remains unchanged. |
| TiKV | [`rocksdb.titan.enabled`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#enabled) | Modified  |  Enables or disables Titan. For v7.5.0 and earlier versions, the default value is `false`. Starting from v7.6.0, the default value is `true` for only new clusters. Existing clusters upgraded to v7.6.0 or later versions will retain the original configuration. |

> | TiKV | [`gc.num-threads`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#num-threads-new-in-v658v751-and-v760) | Newly added | When `enable-compaction-filter` is set to `false`, this parameter controls the number of GC threads. The default value is `1`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| TiKV | [`gc.num-threads`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#num-threads-new-in-v658-v751-and-v760) | Newly added | When `enable-compaction-filter` is set to `false`, this parameter controls the number of GC threads. The default value is `1`. |
```
